can you fade your bangs into it I don't
want that yeah
first
oh it's so pretty
you guys every boy's driver
but it's like curls and straight knees
all over the places yeah down there and
then wonderful cut it off
Wow
you wanna quit jerkin
Oh
there's a person Emma
yom-yom
how does one approach my finger yeah
a bird isn't holy to have you yeah
that's gonna do so uneven and she had
that bald patch on the back from where
she rubbed him and I couldn't get it to
get any thicker and the first time I
botched her up because she had lucky
curl when I'm so hard the second time I
straighten it out with the flat iron
ended it and it's so cute so that's
pretty much what I did and then she's
ever I'm from there
it'll be kind of a